Update README.md (#41)
Kerollmops/MeiliDB: README.md

A _full-text search database_ using a key-value store internally.

> It uses [RocksDB](https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb) as a built-in database, to store documents and internal data. The key-value store power allow us to handle updates and queries with small memory and CPU overheads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses [RocksDB](https://github.com/facebook/rocksdb) as the internal key-value store. The key-value store allows us to handle updates and queries with small memory and CPU overheads.
```

You can [read the deep dive](deep-dive.md) if you want more information on the engine, it describes the whole process of generating updates and handling queries.

> We will be proud if you submit pull requests. It will help to help to grow this project, you can start contributing by checking [issues tagged "good-first-issue"](https://github.com/Kerollmops/MeiliDB/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22). It a good start!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will be proud if you submit issues and pull requests. You can help to grow this project and start contributing by checking [issues tagged "good-first-issue"](https://github.com/Kerollmops/MeiliDB/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22). It is a good start!
```

> At the moment this project is only a library. It means that it's not prividing yet any binaries. To get started, we provided  some examples in the `examples/` folder that are made to work with the data located in the `misc/` folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project is only a library yet. It means that there is no binary provided yet. To get started, you can check the examples wich are made to work with the data located in the `misc/` folder.
```

> In a near future MeiliDB, we will provide a binary to execute this project as database, so you will be able to update and query it using a protocol. This will be our final goal, [see the milestones](https://github.com/Kerollmops/MeiliDB/milestones). At the end, MeiliDB will be a bunch of network protocols, and wrappers. We will publish the entire project on https://crates.io, following our usual update cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MeiliDB will be a binary in a near future so you will be able to use it as a database out-of-the-box. We should be able to query it using a [to-be-defined](https://github.com/Kerollmops/MeiliDB/issues/38) protocol. This is our current goal, [see the milestones](https://github.com/Kerollmops/MeiliDB/milestones). In the end, the binary will be a bunch of network protocols and wrappers around the library - which will also be published on [crates.io](https://crates.io). Both the binary and the library will follow the same update cycle.
```

## Performances

> _these information are outdated  (October 2018) It will be updated soon_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_These information are outdated (October 2018). These will be updated soon_
```

We made some tests on remote machines and found that MeiliDB easily handles a dataset of near 280k products, on a $5/month server with a single vCPU and 1GB of RAM, running the same index, with a simple query:

> - **near 190 concurrent users with an average response time of 90ms**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- near 190 concurrent users with an average response time of 90ms
```

> - **near 190 concurrent users with an average response time of 90ms**

Reviewer: this is not actually the benchmark we want to highlight

- 150 concurrent users with an average response time of 70ms
- 100 concurrent users with an average response time of 45ms

Servers were located in Amsterdam and tests were made between two different locations.

## Usage and examples

MeiliDB runs with an index like most search engines.
So to test the library you can create one by indexing a simple csv file.

```bash
cargo run --release --example create-database -- test.mdb misc/kaggle.csv
```

Once the command is executed, the index should be in the `test.mdb` folder.

> You are now able to run the `query-database` example, to play with MeiliDB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are now able to run the `query-database` example and play with MeiliDB.
```
